Even though this is an update for this course,
we've decided to add this additional module on Advanced Bean
Configuration to address some questions that people have had
over the lifespan of this course.
This also came at a request from Spring themselves as it's
helping people that are trying to achieve some of the
various Spring certifications.
These are some of the topics that they go over in there and want
to help people by exposing them to them here.
We're going to dive into some of the more edge cases.
We're going to talk specifically about advanced bean
configuration using these various techniques.
First off,
we're going to look at BeanPostProcessors and init methods and how that
ties into the creation of beans and having a hook to have an additional
method that acts kind of as a callback.
Then we're going to look at FactoryBeans.
FactoryBeans are a great way to create a Spring bean
that has static methods inside of it.
We're also going to look at SpEL, or the Spring Expression Language,
and then we'll look at proxies and, finally,
bean profiles.
They're typically used in a DevOps or configuration per
specific environment-type scenario.
Let's start out by looking at BeanPostProcessors and how they can aid us in that callback with building out beans.